so a lot of people have asked the
question what is the difference between
the alarians sport line and the Alerian
Express line of sale
well the Alerus score 33 which is the
first of few boats we hope to do in this
new line and the premise of the Alerian
sport is that it does everything the
regular Alerian Express does
single-handed day sailing comfort good
performance except the boat is really
set up to be a little bit more
competitive it's a good club race or a
good PHR F razor the boat is a little
bit more flexible such that you can fly
you fly different head zones if you so
choose there's an option to fly a
symmetrical spinnaker on this boat as
well as symmetrical spinnaker and we
provide all that out of the factory
instead of having customers do that on
the outside which is what we found a lot
of 28 and 38 owners we're doing to try
to be more competitive
you